Previously on
The Big Bang Theory...
Hello.
I'm looking for a Howard Wolowitz.
May I ask what this is about?
- No, you may not.
- Oh.
Very well.
Hi, Colonel Williams. How can I help you?
Okay, sure,
I can meet with you on Thursday.
Caltech is fine.
Yeah, and may I ask what this is about?
I may not?
That's what he said to me.
Look at this.
Elon Musk has a theory
that we're all just characters
in some advanced civilization's
video game.
So, some alien kid spent his money
on the asthma and glasses upgrade for me?
Well, he doesn't say it's a good game.
- All right, we got a problem.
- What's up?
The Air Force contacted me
about our quantum gyroscope.
- They wanna have a meeting.
- Really?
Yeah, this military guy
showed up at Howard's door.
He was terrifying.
Oh, what did he say?
He gave me his business card
and asked me to
please pass it along to Howard.
That doesn't sound terrifying.
To a white guy born here, no.
To a brown guy whose name
has a lot of syllables in it,
terrifying.
You realize if the military
declares our research classified,
they can take the whole thing
away from us.
Yeah, and if that happens, we'll never
be able to sell it commercially.
There goes our big payday.
I was counting on that money.
I need to make as much as my wife
so I don't have to try so hard in bed.
- You do that, too?
- Yeah.
How do you think I stay this thin?
Gentlemen, I think we are
losing sight of the real issue.
We are on the precipice
of becoming faceless cogs
in the military-industrial complex.
Isn't that exciting?
- Well, you're kidding, right?
- Not at all.
Look, look... In Star Wars,
when the stormtroopers
would march in perfect formation,
harassing civilians,
didn't you ever think,
"Hey, that could be me"?
Sheldon, we could be contributing
to a weapons system
that oppresses mankind
for the next 1,000 years.
Okay, Howard's on board.
What do you think, Leonard?
I'm worried about Howard.
Ever since that guy
from the Air Force showed up,
he's been a nervous wreck.
All right,
we work at a giant pharmaceutical company.
Get him some anti-anxiety meds.
He won't take any pills
that aren't chewable
and shaped like a Flintstone.
You know,
when Leonard's feeling anxious,
I make him take a long walk.
- Does that help?
- Uh, for a while,
then he comes back.
- I don't believe this.
- What's wrong?
This guy from the office just
congratulated me on being pregnant.
You did already know, right?
No one at the office did.
- Did you tell anyone?
- No, you told me not to.
I bet it was Barbara Chen in retrovirus.
She might've heard me
throwing up one morning.
Ever since she got that hearing aid,
she thinks she's so great.
Why don't you want anyone to know?
Because, I'm up for
a major immunotherapy study
and if they find out I'm pregnant,
they might give it to someone else.
Would they really do that?
I know they would.
They did it to Barbara Chen last year
when I told everyone she was pregnant.
Wait till I Snapchat
that my friends might be working
on a top secret government project.
Are you crazy?
You can't put that on Snapchat.
Fine, I'll put it on Facebook
like a caveman.
You know, maybe before our meeting,
we should talk to a lawyer.
That's not a bad idea.
Yeah, you must have someone
in your family that's a lawyer.
Why? Because I'm Jewish?
That's like me saying,
"Hey, you're Indian.
"Doesn't your cousin
work in a call center?"
My cousin does work in a call center.
And my cousin's a lawyer.
We don't need Howard's cousin.
We have me.
You're not a lawyer, Sheldon,
you're just a know-it-all.
I am not a know-it-all.
I'm a person who knows lots of things
and likes to correct other people
when they're wrong.
That's the definition
of being a know-it-all.
Or in German, a Besserwisser.
How did you think you were
gonna hide your pregnancy?
I had a plan.
I kept leaving DOVEBAR wrappers around
to explain any weight gain.
Where did you get
empty DOVEBAR wrappers?
From all the DOVEBARs I ate.
I'm pregnant, try to keep up!
I'm sorry, I have to go
find out if my boss knows.
Well, whatever happens,
we're here for you.
Thanks, you guys are the best.
Drive safe, we love you,
and give us a call when...
Oh, my God, it was me, it was me.
I'm the one who blabbed she's pregnant!
- What?
- I didn't mean to.
It just slipped out in front of
her assistant one day. I feel...
- Excuse me, I forgot my coat.
- Oh! Here's your coat, honey.
That's such a cute jacket.
God, I feel so bad.
I just lied to her.
Oh, but you did it so well.
That's amazing.
It's like watching a sculptor
but your clay was lies.
Is that really what's important right now?
Seriously, you have got to let me
scan your brain
when you're being dishonest,
so I can see what lights up.
That's just super helpful, Amy.
Thanks a lot, I can't wait to do that.
I can see a clump of bitch cells
lighting up from here.
Gimme a second to call my cousin.
I don't see how a tax lawyer
from Fort Lauderdale
could be helpful
regarding intellectual property.
First of all, he's in Boca Raton
which is better than Fort Lauderdale.
But, more importantly,
he lasted two days on Jeopardy,
so he's clearly a smart guy.
Hello.
Hey, Marty.
Thanks for talking to us.
Yeah, no problem.
Thanks for going to outer space
so no matter what I do
my mom will be disappointed in me.
Well, I married a little Catholic girl,
so, we're even.
Anyway, this is Leonard and Sheldon.
The three of us
- came up with the guidance system.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- And this is my friend, Raj.
Oh, I'm not on the patent.
I'm just here
because there's a bumblebee in my office.
I saw it. It's big.
Anyway, like I said in the email,
this meeting's on Thursday.
Do you have any advice for us?
Well, I don't know much
about patent law.
But my advice is
hear them out,
offer as little information as possible
and whatever you do,
don't sign anything.
Don't sign anything?
That's your advice?
Okay, so, if during this meeting
one of us were to, say,
complete an oil painting,
you'd recommend that
we leave that unsigned?
- That's not what I meant.
- That's what you said.
That's not what I meant.
This must be how you
practice law in Boca Raton.
By saying things you don't mean
and meaning things you don't say.
Howard, why is he yelling at me?
All right, you were on Jeopardy.
Allow me to Alex Trebek this
and put it in the form of a question.
Who has been
a complete waste of our time?
Marty, let me call you back.
Someday, when I'm up on murder charges,
you'll be hearing from me.
You don't need him.
I'll represent you.
- Hi.
- Hey, what brings you by?
Oh! I had to go to a sales seminar
on our new sleeping pill.
- Oh, how was it?
- Great!
- Fall asleep?
- In, like, two minutes.
So, how is everything going around here?
You still upset about people
finding out you're pregnant?
I'm furious.
Sure. Sure.
Uh, did you ever figure out who told?
No. I confronted Barbara Chen,
but she claimed she didn't know
what I was talking about.
Hmm, well, I guess it's just gonna
remain a mystery, you know,
like, whatever happened in that seminar
after they dimmed the lights.
It had to be Barbara.
I've been trying to figure out
a way to get back at her.
Do you think using her work computer
to Google "how to be a prostitute"
is over the line?
Um, you know,
when I was in high school,
there was this girl who was
talking about me behind my back.
So, me and all my friends,
we cornered her in the bathroom
and forgave her.
What kind of revenge is that?
This woman screwed with my job.
She's gotta pay.
Okay. All right, honey, you know what?
There was something I was too scared
to tell you yesterday
and now, I'm just balls-out terrified
to tell you.
But the truth is
it wasn't Barbara Chen, it was me.
I'm the reason everyone knows.
- Why would you do that?
- No. It was an accident.
I am so sorry I lied.
Get out.
Oh, you know, I also
lied about the girl in the bathroom.
Yeah, we actually dunked
her retainer in the toilet
and put it back in her mouth.
I don't understand why
I can't talk at this meeting.
'Cause when you talk,
it enrages people.
Okay. Quick question,
am I allowed to exchange pleasantries
upon meeting this colonel?
- Yes.
- Am I allowed to inform him
that Colonel Sanders was
never actually in the military?
- I'm getting enraged.
- Fine.
Ooh, can I use text-to-speech software?
- No!
- Don't speak.
Aw, nuts.
Gentlemen, I'm Colonel Williams.
Thank you for meeting with me.
- Hi.
- Hello.
So, which one of you is
the brains behind all of this?
It's a group effort,
but I guess if we had to
pick a main brain
that would be me.
Mmm-mmm.
And, because of the quantum vortices
this can run perpetually?
Exactly. Yeah, you have
a good grasp of the physics.
Well, I'm a scientist by training.
Really, you're a physicist?
Better. I'm an engineer.
Where did you go to school?
- MIT.
- What? Hey, me, too.
I should have known. Behind every
great invention is an MIT mind.
I'll cut to the chase.
The Air Force believes there's
an application for this technology
and we're interested
in funding your research.
Well. Thanks, but you should know,
we're a little concerned about
this being used in weapons.
Oh, well,
let me put your mind at ease.
What we use it for is
none of your business.
I don't know how I feel about this.
Look, guys,
it's just a guidance system.
It's not like you're handing us
the Death Star from Star Trek.
All you need to worry about is,
right now it's this big,
and we need it to be this big.
That's a lot less big.
Yes. It's this much less big.
I'm not even sure that's possible.
Well, I ran it by some colleagues at MIT
and they thought they could
get it done in four months.
- Four months?
- Yeah, we'll do it in two!
Hi. I'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
I'm the actual brains behind this project.
Also, engineers aren't real scientists,
MIT's a trade school,
and the Death Star
is from Star Wars, not Star Trek.
Otherwise, thank you for your service.
Hi, Howard told me
you were working late,
- so I brought dinner.
- Oh, thanks.
You know, I just wanted
to get some work done
without people congratulating me
about the baby every five minutes.
I spent my day alone in the lab
waiting for a rat to die of anthrax.
Did you come here to
bring me dinner or to gloat?
Well, I came to see how you were feeling
but I'm guessing still angry?
I'm sorry, my boss wants to meet with me
and I'm stressing.
You really think they're gonna
start treating you differently?
Are you kidding?
I've always been treated differently!
Look at me! Listen to me!
I mean, the first thought
when you see me isn't,
"That's a scientist,"
it's, "I wonder if her mommy
knows where she is."
I am really regretting that
I got you a Happy Meal.
I've worked so hard to get where I am,
and I don't want to get
sent back to square one
because I'm pregnant.
I understand how you feel.
Thank you.
I wish there was some way
I could make it better.
Well, you brought me French fries,
that's a start.
Uh, actually I got you apple slices,
'cause you're pregnant.
Apple slices?
What kind of lunatic goes to McDonald's
and gets fruit?
I'll be right back.
And a chocolate shake!
- Hi.
- Hello.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, Leonard's mad at me
so I'm making him lemon bars.
Does he even like lemon bars?
Hmm, not really.
But I'm mad at him, too,
so, lemon bars it is.
Something happen at the meeting?
They made me promise I wouldn't talk.
- And you talked.
- Well now, see?
You knew what was gonna happen,
why didn't they?
Anyway, now we're committed
to completing this project
in a ridiculously short time frame
and everyone's upset with me.
Well, if it makes you feel any better,
Bernadette's mad at me, too.
Mmm. If it makes you feel any better,
a parasitoid wasp
known as Oobius depressus
has been rediscovered after 101 years
of presumed extinction.
Why would that make me feel better?
Well, why would your Bernadette thing
make me feel better?
- At least mine was educational.
- Okay.
- Never mind.
- Look, I'm sorry.
Tell me why
Bernadette is upset with you.
Well, I told people at work
that she's pregnant.
She wasn't ready for them to know.
- Why would you do that?
- Well, it just slipped out.
- I feel terrible.
- See, that's exactly what happened to me.
Except that I said it on purpose
and I have no regrets.
Is it even possible to get
this done in two months?
Maybe, I don't know.
We'll have to work
12 hours a day, seven days a week.
Which means I won't be able
to make Penny breakfast every day,
and she'll realize my brioche French toast
was the only thing
keeping her in the marriage.
- I love your French toast.
- Oh, thanks, man.
So, why did you guys
even agree to the deadline?
We didn't, Sheldon did.
And you just let him?
Well, the colonel said it was
for the good of the country
and the funding is substantial...
But, mostly there was an awkward pause
and I broke it by saying, "Okay."
So, I guess I won't be
seeing you guys for a while.
Oh, looks like it.
Wow, you're going off
to work with the military
leaving me behind.
Now, I know how all those army wives feel.
Would you stop? We're just
gonna be on the other side of campus.
And, right here.
You are a deeply silly man.
He is so afraid of his feelings.
Oh, hi.
- Got a minute?
- Yeah. Come on in.
I just wanted to apologize.
I know what you did was an accident.
Oh, thank you.
And I'm sorry I lied about it.
Well, for what it's worth,
you're a great liar.
Aw, that's what Amy said.
So, what's going on
with the research project?
Are they going to let you run it?
Well, my boss said
he hadn't decided yet.
So, I gently reminded him
that he's an old rich white guy
and I'm a sweet little pregnant lady
who's not afraid to cry
in front of a jury.
You threatened to sue?
Hey, I learned a long time ago
when you're 4'11"
and eye level with every guy's crotch,
that's where you punch.
That's funny,
I learned something totally different.
You know what?
It's just a research project.
The most important job in the world
is gonna be raising this child.
It's all I need to give my life meaning.
Aw, that's so beautiful.
You believe me? Oh, good.
Eleven more chumps like you,
I'll have the jury eating out of my hand.
I never realized
this building was classified.
Maybe that's because it's classified.
Wish we weren't so far
from my parking space.
The way you put away
those lemon bars,
perhaps that's a good thing.
I'd like to reinstate
the "you not talking" rule.
Why? It clearly doesn't work.
I guess this is it.
Is that a retinal scanner?
Let's find out.
Howard Wolowitz, access granted.
- No way!
- Impressive.
My turn, my turn!
Leonard Hofstadter, access granted.
I didn't even have to take my glasses off!
Access denied.
- It knows!
Oh, oh, oh, guys,
hold me upside down!
Howard Wolowitz, access granted.
Yay!
English - SDH